[TRIVIAL] fix typo in SECURITY.md (#4662)
XRPLF/rippled: SECURITY.md

- The steps to reproduce the vulnerability;
- Any other relevant details or artifacts, including code, scripts or patches.

> In your mail, please describe the issue or the potential threat; if possible, please include a "repro" (code that can reproduce the issue) or describe the best way to reproduce and replicate the issue. Please make your report as extensive as possible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In your email, please describe the issue or potential threat. If possible, include a "repro" (code that can reproduce the issue) or describe the best way to reproduce and replicate the issue. Please make your report as detailed and comprehensive as possible.
```
